h1. Senbei by akosma

Senbei is an iPhone client for accessing remote servers running a copy of "Fat Free CRM":http://www.fatfreecrm.com/.

h2. CRM?

"CRM (abbreviation) customer relationship management, denoting strategies and software that enable a company to organize and optimize its customer relations."

h2. Senbei?

Because "Senbei":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Senbei is lightweight, tasty and, most importantly, fat-free :) The name was suggested by the design and branding geniuses of "Zerofee":http://zerofee.org/.

h2. Functionality

* List pending tasks;
* Mark tasks as done;
* Create a new task;
* List contacts, accounts, opportunities, leads and campaigns (with page-based loading; scroll to the bottom, a new page of data loads automatically);
* Search contacts, accounts, opportunities, leads and campaigns;
* View comments for contacts, accounts, opportunities, leads and campaigns;
* Add comments for contacts, accounts, opportunities, leads and campaigns;
* View contacts as "address book" entries, with integrated e-mail and web browsing;
* Configurable to use any FFCRM instance (URL, username, password, done). Off the box it uses the http://demo.fatfreecrm.com/ site as a default entry, with a random entry ("aaron", "ben", "elizabeth") as username and password;
* Lists are sorted and displayed in the same order as the underlying FFCRM instance.

h2. Planned features

h3. Soon

* Create contacts from the local address book;
* View accounts, opportunities, leads and campaigns details in a separate screen;
* View assigned and completed tasks;
* Load Gravatars for accounts.

h3. Later

* List users;
* View user details;
* Create cross-relations (jump from one account to its opportunities, and so on);
* Other things I can't remember right now :)

h2. License

This code is released under a liberal BSD license. See the LICENSE file for details.
